 “Recently there was the illusion that Hamas, while not a perfect partner, was at least a group that could implement decisions,” he said.    
 “The bomb in Armagh is a reminder that the public should remain vigilant,” said an RUC spokesman.  
 “They were never out of Peruvian air space,” he said, denying Peru’s account that the plane had entered Peruvian airspace from Brazil.   
"Rubbish" is how Ron Dennis described our recent report that Ayrton Senna had demanded a personal motorhome and other perks from McLaren in 1991.  
“O'Neill had an emotional reaction that the level of corruption was too high to do serious projects in Russia,” Deripaska recalls.   
A high level of awareness about the possibility of pregnancy is also reflected in the fact that almost one quarter of the respondents mentioned the possible negative consequence that the “female partner gets pregnant.”   
A high-ranking official in the Clinton administration expressed shock that “the kids” in the White House “did not stand up when the president entered the room.   
A month later after the incident, there was a rumor that her parents had sent her to the States.   
A number of Americanized Chinese felt little connection to China, and, according to FBI informants, expressed resentment that leadership within American communities had been taken over by leadership with strong KMT tendencies.   
A structural approach is rejected on the basis that it is unable to capture the creativity of language.  
According to Boms, corruption scandals have also led to “an Israeli realization that government is not a source of policy--and sometimes government needs to be challenged.”   
According to the transcripts of Ms. Kadane's tape-recorded interviews, Mr. Green said he had no recollection that Mr. Martens had compiled lists of Communist Party members.   
Accordingly, the judge made a declaration that the devolution of the testator's estate had been varied in terms of the memoranda.  
Aeryk's father left a note that he was leaving town, and that his sons should do the same.   
After all, a solid, well-stocked pantry is insurance that your family will have food and drink throughout any emergency.   
After dinner came a telegram that the Pres'dt was stuck in a fog and would not get back till morning.   
Again she had the feeling that he was testing her.  
All of this also raises the possibility that agriculture may have been in place in equatorial Africa much earlier than we supposed.   
Also, there is a hint that the development of normal body asymmetry, namely left-right sidedness, may depend upon this signalling pathway.  
Although the Witnesses support most forms of medical treatment, one of the tenets of the faith is based on the Bible's instruction that people should not take blood into their bodies.  
Analysts said the reprimand was a warning that Yeltsin may be about to replace key members of his administration, such as first deputies Boris Nemtsov and Anatoly Chubais.   
And for the buyers there was the knowledge that it was in all a good cause.  
And then it made him somewhat fearful, the thought that he alone should possess this knowledge.  
Applying such formulas led to the biological absurdity that having one black great-grandparent was sufficient to define a person as black.   
Aquino expressed her disappointment that, after an exhaustive legal process, the court had not directly implicated those, including the Marcoses, who were widely believed to have ordered the crime.  
As for the Romanian Holocaust, they argue, it is a lie that Antonescu killed the Jews.  
As he's driving back to Columbia, there is another indication that interest in Gamecocks football has risen.   
As I pull up at the back of the hotel Mr Shah is waiting with a folder full; his expression, although friendly, contains around his mouth a little reproach that I should have been away from the action for so long.  
As Kristen Hawkes described these paradoxes to me, I began to develop an awful foreboding that the true explanation might prove less noble than the necessity of bringing home the bacon.   
At issue is the Greensboro, N.C., jury's verdict that ABC must pay punitive damages for lying to get videotaped evidence used in the report accusing Food Lion of selling rat-gnawed cheese and expired meat.   
At least one private donor in Wyoming backed off, citing her attorney’s advice that “the use of deadly force is not a charitable activity.”   
Beyond all this was the dead certainty that someone was going to come looking for the money.   
Beyond that, Green's assertion that the Vietnam-era Democratic Party was "anti-soldier " is totally unsupported.   
Beyond that, there was the inconvenience that after being detained, I would lose my job.   
Bourdieu's insight that the symbolic dimension of power is perhaps more important than the economic or political forms of power in perpetuating inequality, domination, and exploitation is extremely relevant for theology and the Church today.   
But Feraca’s analysis that the BIA has crumbled over the past two decades is undoubtedly true.   
But in the light of the recent IRA attack in nearby Oxford city centre, there's concern that terrorists may be based somewhere in the Thames Valley.  
But insistent individualism can be toxic, with the sad outcome that self-promotion and self-protection regularly turn out to be self-renunciation, thus impoverishing the self rather than enriching it.   
But the reasons for that are in the general principle that people are responsible for the consequences of their actions.  
But the slogan that Mr. Bush's judge “will not legislate from the bench” is an empty cliche.   
But there has been considerable skepticism that President Obama would link the US strategy for dealing with Iran's nuclear ambitions directly to the Arab-Israeli peace process.   
But there is deepening pessimism that a full one point advance will be announced which will make it almost impossible for base rates to remain unchanged.  
But when no announcements of conclusive victory emerged in the following few weeks, people began – as was reported towards the end of October – to express their impatience that the struggle for Stalingrad was taking too long and costing too many lives.  
By October 1989 the bank issued a directive that every proposed project undergo an environmental assessment.   
Clark subtly assists the progress of self-consciousness into the debate by employing the misleading metaphor that many animals “operate largely in terms of a learned map of the area”, to account for what they do  
Clinton writes a letter that the Vietnam War is terrible and he's gaining all this weight worrying about it.   
Congress, however, added a specification that alcohol abuse be accorded the same attention as other drug problems in the investigation.   
Conservatism has a dogma that the State should not intervene.  
Conserve is based on the commonsense approach that people should pay for the water they use; those who use more, pay more; those who conserve are rewarded with lower costs.   
Customs are different on our world and it is my fault that he does not yet understand what is expected of him.  
Digital scales are quite popular and have the benefit that you do not have to interpret just which tiny little weight line seems to be indicated as your weight.  
Dr. Hathout in a controlled preacher's voice expresses gratitude that the faithful are being tested, exactly as Allah promised Mohammed, peace be upon him, they would be.   
During his visit he presented a formal protest that the former East German leader Erich Honecker, 78, and his wife Margot Honecker had been transferred from a Soviet military hospital outside Berlin to Moscow “for medical reasons”.  
During the second interval Geoffrey apologised, giving the excuse that one of the battens of the hollow trees had worked itself loose and that at the last moment Bunny had required him to fix it more securely into its brace.  
Engler was among Michigan Republicans who for the next four years nursed the grudge that Reagan's challenge had spoiled Ford's re-election chances, and consequently in 1980 supported George Bush for president against Reagan.   
Even if you do not intend to be disloyal there is always the risk that you might be careless.  
Far more controversial is their calculation that the best way to motivate workers is to involve their unions at virtually every level of the company's business.  
Fireman Ken Horn said: “It was simply a miracle that we did not have a very serious casualty list.”  
First reaction from royal observers was amazement that she should have gone public at this stage.  
First, there is no convincing demonstration that the obvious alternative hypothesis about moral propositions – that they are conventions that reflect background and experience(n21) – is not an equally good or better explanation.   
For instance, almost half (43 percent) expressed beliefs supporting the viewpoint that statistics were purposely skewed or misleading and that African American youths were not contracting HIV at higher rates than their white peers.   
For these kinds of reasons, the finding that a significant minority of the forty women have a self-concept which is highly domesticated is an important one.  
Given the remarkable growth in higher education post World War II, it is a safe bet that the trend lines described by Epler have swept upwards in the intervening decades.   
He began to tell her about Letty and then about the astonishing story that there might be another member of the family tucked away in Scotland.  
He come to the remarkable conclusion that Ardakke was nothing less than the setting for the next evolutionary step for mankind.  
He issued a decree that ravens would be part of the Tower for all time.   
He issues an ultimatum that, with the exception of a number of important and valuable photos valued at approximately 400,000, the collection must be relocated or disposed of within one week.   
He made a complaint that the record of his interview in relation to that offence contained fabricated admissions.  
He took a gamble that having a good economy in 1992 was more important than the congressional elections of 1990.   
He was referring to Gore's apocalyptic vision that ozone depletion was helping to ravage the environment, as set forth in his then best-selling book, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit.   
Hence although corpus analysis will play an increasingly important role, it is Briscoe's belief that it will not supplant others or render more theoretical work irrelevant.  
His allegation that House Republicans somehow were working behind the scene to kill this measure is unfounded.   
His curiosity, and his consciousness that the communion of saints was large, much larger than the civil religion of German Christendom, led him to catch a steamer named the Columbus, bound for America.   
His outlook that the stock would underperform the market is based on the forecast that Apple's revenue growth would slow to a 5 percent to 8 percent range, down from the 11 percent recorded in the three months through June 26 when compared with the corresponding period in 1998.   
His outlook that the stock would underperform the market is based on the forecast that Apple's revenue growth would slow to a 5 percent to 8 percent range, down from the 11 percent recorded in the three months through June 26 when compared with the corresponding period in 1998.   
Holding this template against the men in the running gives some clues, with the caution that the candidate who comes closest does not necessarily win.   
However, it [Zimbabwe] embarked on an even larger programme of educational expansion, with the result that education has consistently been one of the largest budget items.  
However, the legend that he therefore picked, almost at random, the name of one of his office clerks, is far from the truth.  
However, the simple interpretation that state service-provision varies proportionately with age may also be misleading.  
However, there is no guarantee that only the genuine repentant will produce works of value to the society.  
I believe in the tall poppy syndrome that if you grow up too tall there will always be people ready to cut you down to size.  
I had immediately the sensation that I was expected. 
I have a strong presentiment that, had the opportunity arisen, Lord Mansfield would have seized it to establish the law in this form.  
I have great faith that I shall receive help from you.  
I have never had any hesitation that Africa was the right move.  
I have no access to anything like empirical fact, but I hazard the guess that the teaching of Old Testament is not so unified.   
I want to develop the stronger thesis that criticism is the essence of higher education.  
I.C.A.C. sought to appeal, and the occupiers contested the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal, on the ground that the order of the judge was not made in a civil cause or matter.  
In 1972 there was a general agreement that major services, apart from housing, could not be provided economically and efficiently by units with less than 250,000 people.  
In a number of legal systems there is a presumption that the property in identified goods is intended to pass on the making of the contract, in others, only on delivery.  
In Greece, where the legal system is again based on the Napoleonic Code, there is a law that once the next-of-kin have identified the body of a relative it must be released to them for burial.   
In the case of Community legislation subject to the cooperation procedure, it is the Government's aim that parliamentary scrutiny should be completed before a common position is agreed by the Council of Ministers.  
In the debating society, he proposed the motion that “in the opinion of this house, beauty is a virtue.”  
It began when he (" peremptorily " 28) summoned her to account for herself, and received the reply that she was busy and he should go fuck himself.   
It demonstrates the imperative that solid forward progress will depend on action taken across the broad front of endeavour.  
It is a common stereotype that substantial numbers of acute hospital beds are occupied by older people who no longer need them.  
It is a cruel irony that the man who has done most to reform the party and its policies, taking it to within a whisker of power, should be blamed for its failure to make the final leap to power.  
It is a pity that debate on public services is reduced to such a silly level.  
It is a tragedy that many children have been denied the chance to take these tests.  
It is certainly not without significance that the Association always maintained a link with the new youth movement by aligning itself with the Boys' Brigade and playing an active role in the formation of the Scouts.  
It is my experience that many students of English Literature with good A-level results dislike poetry, or at least feel baffled by it, and can go through a three-year degree course without this attitude being radically changed.  
It is my grief that I am unable to repay at this time the money that is due.  
It is our hope that when the service is fully operational all children born with these birthmarks will receive treatment before they reach school age.  
It is rarely the case that the correct word is always amongst the alternatives suggested by the lower recognition levels.  
It’s not an accident that the abbreviation for Harper Institute of the Mind is HIM.
M. Chaillot quickly expressed his regret that Jean-Claude should be grieving.  
Marsh's study of the engineering industry in Britain and West Germany adopts the standpoint that, whatever the form which industrial relations takes, similar topics for regulation will appear, thus providing a basis for comparison.  
Misgivings that the military campaign was directed against the government's political opponents in Sind had grown after the death in military custody on June 8 of a Sindhi opposition politician, Mohammad Yusuf Jakhrani.  
Moreover we have the proverb that no one is elected to anything except to keep two other people out – and some of Cambridge doubted whether Stephen Neill for all his brilliance was reliable...   
Moreover, the anomaly arises not from the word “maladministration” but from the limitation that the complaint must be about action taken by the society.  
Mr Lamont's announcement that St Pancras will be the terminus of the £3 billion Channel rail link implies that international trains to and from Scotland will be much slower than first thought.  
Mr Yeltsin repeated his threat that, if parliament did not approve his version, he would take it to a national referendum.  
Nonetheless, the very fact that no less a person than the prime Minister speaks in such a way is a confession that green issues have intruded upon political life to such an extent that they can no longer be ignored!  
Police acknowledgement that this hadn't actually happened was delayed until after the press coverage.  
Principally because of ACT, there is no way that you could have a UK company over a European group. It would strangle them.  
Prioritisation was necessary, he said, citing the example that tree death was more important than fish death, which was sad but economically unimportant.  
Sadly for Britain they have already made the decision that Britain is to be a loser country," he said dramatically.  
Second, it bolsters the logic that “we, the nation” were always democrats, and communism an inflicted aberration.  
She gave him no inkling that she was anxious or worried, remained firm and maintained a total discipline of emotion and action.  
Similarly, there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals.  
So as a result, there's a danger that many readers many regular readers, might buy a newspaper less frequently.  
So blackly venomous was his expression that Perdita fled towards the next pitch, scattering the polo balls which lay like a hatch of goose eggs near the goal posts.
So, it is a myth that conversational discourse is inevitably symmetrical.  
Syria’s response that it “cannot control what goes on in the Bekaa” and that Turkey “should first try to solve the Kurdish problem within its own borders” has served only to confirm Turkish suspicions about Syrian intentions.  
Table 2.1 is fairly convincing, since there is a strong supposition that the markedly lower figures for other writers come closer to an absolute norm than those for Swift.  
The agreement included the arrangement that a local resident should supervise and inspect all dumping operations.  
The bookseller expressed no surprise that Mr Mitterrand, a client of 40 years' standing, should go browsing on such a crucial day.  
The claim that Diana had to be ordered to go to Korea particularly upset the Korean hosts.  
The command that Christians should be salt and light in whatever aspect of society they function (Matt. 5:13–14) is part of God's general strategy in the world, and the responsibility, therefore, of all Christians.  
The committee added a rider that, in future, scrubbers were to start at seven a.m. instead of eight, and stop at ten on Sunday morning and mid-day on Saturdays.  
The Community began by taking the line that federations were clearly a more advanced form of government than nation states…
The court itself took the point that the committal was invalid and quashed a sentence of 18 months' imprisonment.  
The discovery that Roman law had anticipated the position in modern equity is of great interest.  
The doctrine that all the law was expected to do was to put creditors in possession of debtors property was a totally inadmissible piece of spurious humanity.  
The explanation that they were looking for bones and relics of ancient races puzzled the poet.  
The fact that the KGB issued the report reflects a growing emphasis on concern with matters of environmental, rather than political, security in the Soviet Union.  
The fear that the assessors (SEAC) might ignore the curriculum developers remains.  
The first hint that there might be a connection between black holes and thermodynamics came with the mathematical discovery in 1970 that the surface area of the event horizon, the boundary of a black hole, has the property that it always increases when additional matter or radiation falls into the black hole.  
The impression that things had got worse was inescapable.  
The judge rejected the argument that publication of the information in an article would be in the public interest.  
The judge, Mr Justice Charles McCullough, made an order that the Press could not report any of the legal discussions which took place in the absence of a jury.  
The maxim that “negative attention is better than no attention at all” seems to be an important governing factor in children's behaviour.  
The misunderstanding that good medicine and good science are in conflict (or worse, that there is a clash between compassion and science) may arise from a failure to distinguish medical trials from human biological research that is neither preventive nor therapeutic.  
The news that she was married, and the awful fear he had experienced, brought on a fever.  
The old adage that “if you think about it, you will diagnose it”, especially applies here.  
The Portuguese are of the opinion that the government is on the verge of military collapse.  
The present [Thatcher] government is committed to the policy that housing should be provided as far as possible by the unregulated private market, according to the economic laws of supply and demand which require that owners have maximum control over private property backed ultimately by unhampered exclusive right.  
The problems lie in the presupposition that moral duty is an absolute rule in the sense of a rule for which there can be no exceptions.  
The result of the vote is at least a hopeful sign that sexist dinosaurs are on their last legs in the 20th Century.  
The sociological fantasy that pop musicians could be some sort of organic intellectuals was remarkably stubborn…
The statement that the tribunal has made an "error of law" means no more or less than that the construction placed upon the term by the court is preferred to that of the tribunal.  
The symbolism is interpreted in the same way as Figure 4.9(a) with the exception that the character H indicates a value beyond the upper limit specified by elective 5.  
The Taoiseach, Albert Reynolds, has expressed optimism that the stalled three-stranded talks will resume between the British and Irish Governments and the constitutional parties in Northern Ireland.  
The teacher's comment reflects her conviction that the impetus for collaborative learning arises from the processes of the task, rather than its structure.  
The toughest issue is the Greek Cypriot demand that 200,000 refugees be permitted to return north.  
The United Kingdom Egg Producers' Association, which is meeting the legal costs of the nuns' case, was “pleased and surprised” with the ruling that the nuns should be paid the full market price of £1.42 each for the birds if they were slaughtered.  
The World Health Organisation's definition that health is a state of complete physical, mental, and social wellbeing and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity redresses the medically biased emphasis on disease or infirmity.  
There is a clear implication that such significant evolutionary episodes may be the consequence of major physical events in earth history.  
There is a general perception that change in medical education is starting to occur.  
There is a theory that the Syrians favour the perpetuation of the Aoun regime to give them a pretext for keeping an undiminished presence in the country.  
There is also the proviso that the theory of proton-antiproton collisions with which the experimental results were compared is itself uncertain numerically by a factor of two or three.  
There is amongst sociolinguists a general consensus that pseudonyms should be used for both personal and street names in order to preserve anonymity.  
There is exasperation that it is taking so long.  
There is little chance that new mines will open in Britain to excavate these metals.  
There is little likelihood that cereals played a minor role in the economy.  
There is no denying that a person's beliefs about the likely consequences of his acts are relevant to his normative situation.  
There is no intimation that the very existence of the MU benefits all musicians, especially the young and inexperienced.  
There is no need that “hello/goodbye” kisses, an arm around the shoulder, a good cuddle should diminish with the years.  
There is no provision that a third party organisation's assent can be presumed, but only that it must be governed by the rules of the organisation.  
There is no record that the Prime Minister had ever visited a prison, but she was known to be offended by the deplorable conditions and personal indignities caused by overcrowding.  
There remained, according to a State Department spokesman, the US stipulation that all South African political prisoners had to be released.  
There was a formal denial that she had taken part in anything which would discredit the Royal Family.  
There was also an admission that the demand for water is not growing at the rate Thames Water had earlier predicted.  
There was further criticism that safety training and vaccination programmes are often inadequate and " selective ", being limited only to those groups of workers most at risk.  
There was no dispute that Bunn throughout acted with the authority of the bank.  
Therefore the basic submission that a blue pencil should have been applied throughout the interview was rejected.  
There's actually a rule that members of the general committee don't have to pay for meals.  
There's always an expectation that someone who runs a nightclub lives in a nightclub.  
These findings support the hypothesis that H pylori colonisation is directly involved in the hypergastrinaemia.  
They have the attitude that Kelly did something to cause her own death - that's something I'll never accept.  
They're living proof that asthma can be passed from generation to generation.  
This accords with the CLRC's proposal that both "unlawful act" manslaughter and reckless manslaughter should be abolished.  
This impression is further supported by their observation that the lower oesophageal sphincter relaxation was incomplete in most patients after surgery.  
This included a commitment that “if one of the two states should become the target of aggression, then the other side will give the aggressor no military aid or other support”.  
This leads him to a much wider generalization that the course of history, over space as well as time, is closely linked to the anthropological map.  
This may indeed be one possible solution, but it has the disadvantage that the need for analysis of the industry structure and competitive strengths of each of the smaller SBUs may be ignored.  
This project investigates the conjecture that the Polish crisis is “systemic”, ie deeply rooted in the economic and political processes of Polish society as a socialist system.  
This provision lays down the general obligation that no foreigner should enter India without authorization.  
This recalls the Marxist theme that the state is the tool of the dominant economic class in society.  
This reflects the management's recognition that the style of policing that occurs in areas like West Belfast heavily influences the public's perception of the police.  
This reinforces the view that EP systems should be designed to be well integrated with their environment, rather than being stand-alone systems.  
This seems to be pushing the linguistic analogy too far, and to be taking too literally the structuralist tenet that literature is “the essential manifestation” of language, and that “the writer does nothing more than read language” (p.84).  
This strengthens the inference that there is no significant difference in efficacy between serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic and related drugs.  
Three years ago riots were sparked by a ludicrous tale that Christians had used American-designed spray guns to stain Muslim women's clothing with indelible crosses.  
We are the victims of a societal ethic that voluntary service provision should not be tainted by association with political activism.  
We have received information that today, between 1400 and 1500, there was an explosion at the residence of Seyed Ali Khamenei.
When he was consecrated, however, Cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the Pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of God or the King's prerogatives, nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the Church.  
When Newham Members raise the problem with social security Ministers, they are given the official answer that it is caused by the number of Somali refugees.  
When we say that a flag at half-mast means that someone has died, we refer to a social convention that death shall be marked in this way.  
Where there is a contract for the sale of goods by description, there is an implied condition that the goods shall correspond with the description.
