"I can't help wondering", she said, "whether this sudden ability that has come to you, of being able to move an object without touching it, whether it might have something to do with your brainpower.
...they interpreted their findings as compatible with the hypothesis that links pregnancy oestrogens to risk of breast cancer.
A government report in 1959 made recommendations that influenced developments in the training of social work staff of this kind.
A tiny electrical charge which in turn produces a signal that can be picked up by monitoring equipment here at the prison. 
All I knew was that it felt just as it had eight years ago, when the too-polite police officer arrived on my doorstep, calling me "sir" and telling me there was no good way to convey the news that was to follow. 
An obsequious little man the Consul had been, crushed by the message that he brought. 
And as we follow a violent day in Iraq, Donald Rumsfeld makes an admission that is sure to raise some eyebrows.
And I concur with Mr on the point that he made. 
And it looks to me like excitement is perhaps the motivation that we would want to focus on.
And so it's extremely important to give those investors some payback for the risk that they take.
And that's an absurdity that we can not, I think, put up with. 
And to do so would produce an unhistorical abstraction that had no concrete usefulness.
Any examination of the history of 'history, will demonstrate that it has never had the immediate certainty that is implied in the all too frequent invocation of, concrete history'
Any structural fault that detracts from the above described working dog must be penalized to the extent of the deviation.
Anything would have been better than this ice-cold contempt that cut her to the bone.
As a result firms did not appreciate the benefit that (external) technical experts might offer'.
As for the question of partnership and friendship in the 1990s, the joint declaration that we signed sets out a series of bases on which we can improve our relationship with Russia.
At home, the Japanese government has spearheaded a campaign to discredit reports that originated from its own news agency, Kyodo.
At last, Jimmy was telling the story that had first prompted Cardiff to seek him out and bring him here.
At that time Paul Lee did not rule out the possibility of other families in South Ronaldsay being involved in the ritual sexual abuse that was alleged. 
Because of this, the only shock that can disturb current prices from the value they are expected to take next period is a relative demand shock.
Because that's the only explanation that makes any kind of sense.
Because the finding from this research involved extensive controls, the results considerably strengthen a generalization that is based only on a small amount of data. 
Before proceeding to a discussion of the motivations that lie behind the growth of the field in recent years, it would be as well to clarify the role that pragmatics might be seen to play within linguistic theory as a whole.
Beth was always very careful to put a safety screen across the fire, but ever since the tragedy that had taken Maisie, she suffered from a real dread of accidents. 
But he wanted the guys to look at it, to stand on deck for a while as if they could absorb the knowledge that would make them a decent crew by simple proximity to water and gear.
But in reality this is precisely the approach that is most likely to set Europe aflame and leave it a burning ruin.
But just as the policy determinants of welfare are multiple, and sometimes unexpected, so individuals' welfare is influenced by phenomena that have nothing to do with the activity of the state. 
But Kerpelman is concerned that tipsters may be repeating a rumor that has circulated for 30 years. 
But perhaps the key aspect that will appeal to doctors in considering DRGS is their contribution to medical audit.
But what if you have an idea that's beyond your own capability to develop? 
Candidates must also have a good career record and present a career plan that demonstrates the relevance of the DBA. 
Certainly, very few linguists have produced analyses of linguistic facts that make use of gross functional categories of this sort (but cf. Halliday, 1973)
Clearly, he did not answer questions that did not interest him.
Each path or history has a probability that depends on its shape.
Everyone can see that the advantage that the Christian churches have is that they have efficient hierarchies. 
Finally, the principles that generate implicatures have a very general explanatory power: a few basic principles provide explanations for a large array of apparently unrelated facts. 
First, to improve the conditions that can be imposed on a planning consent for the restoration of mineral working.
For society in general and young people in particular, equating alcohol with dangerous, illicit drugs is a high-risk strategy that is very likely to backfire
From the demonstration alone, it is difficult to be certain that the motion is chaotic, in the specific sense that the word is now used, and not just very complicated. 
He could not think of a single convincing excuse that would get him out of the house.
He had lost the diffidence and uncertainty that characterised his early leadership of the party.
He had spent time 'inside' himself, once, when an assignment that had taken him abroad had gone badly wrong.
He is hurt and shaken, but he insisted on coming back with me to say thank you for making the message that warned him away from the bog.
He leaned and peered a little, but not from any weakness of the eyes, rather out of a fixed suspicion that caused him to study with narrow attention all who came near him, and especially strangers.
He ran up the street and through the town as far as the main road, where he saw a sign that told him it was just seventy miles from there to London. 
He ran, faster and faster, towards the sound of her voice, until the noise of the cricket game faded and the familiar world of traffic and aeroplanes and reassuring English faces crowded out the thought that had been started by Rafiq. 
He tried, and felt himself falling into the tree, confused, unable to find a stance that did not give way into clutching twigs and flailing branches. 
He wasn't expecting the jarring shock that shot through his other arm but the shortness of the flex prevented him from pulling it more than a few inches off the table.
Heclo and Wildavsky (1981) provide a useful insight into the political intrigue that underlies the operations of this bureaucratic machine. 
Here we do indeed ﬁnd an example of a ‘liquidation’ of history which, it will be recalled, is exactly the accusation that Terry Eagleton makes against poststructuralism…
High death rates among children reduce the value that parents place on education; and so on. 
His memory of her became dulled and blocked, a stalemate of the imagination that began to have the taste of sloth and suicide, like the evil torpor that can ensue from spending night after night without a dream.
His will do very well for the sort of story that is a combination of the novel of humour (a story of cumulative comic events) and the blueprint detective story. 
However, any explanation that focuses on Mr Kinnock or the details of the recent campaign misses the essence of Labour's problem.
However, the concerns that have been expressed cannot be underestimated.
However, their efforts have not provided the explanation that we need. 
I am a socialist and I believe that socialism is the basic ideology that will serve the needs of the masses. 
I had kept all the abuse that had been happening to me very much to myself…
I had prided myself on having the intuition of a true explorer, an intuition that had stood me in good stead on many of my voyages of discovery.
I have a suggestion that might slow down the proliferation of these misguided individuals.
I have kind of an idea that gets everybody off the hook.
I have something against the Pledge of Allegiance that is infused with religious dogma that I disagree with. 
I passed the second-hand clothes shops and the sign that said "Used books and guns" on Commerce Street. 
I recognise that this finding stands in stark contrast to the finding that was implicit in my decision on Wednesday night/Thursday morning.
I thank those who took part in it, and I echo the gratitude that they expressed to the interim advisory committee as the end of its days draws nigh.
I think that's pretty much the perception that people have is the city - the city is cleaner. 
I think the the problem that we've already tried to address today is how to calculate the need.
I was not a man fighting to live but I was a boxer on the ropes, praying for a miracle that would save him from almost certain defeat.
If these problems can be overcome, it offers two advantages that chained overflow record handling does not. 
If you did, there's one fact that you couldn't possibly explain about this. 
I'm a great believer in the notion that says don't just do something, sit there.
I'm giving voice to opinions and points of view that don't get expressed very much, " she said. 
I'm going to put in a few of those brutal German proverbs that don't mean anything.
I'm indebted to Peterborough in the TELEGRAPH for pointing out an interesting fact that appears to illustrate how we differ from the Americans.
In addition to these particular problems that seem to require pragmatic solutions, there are also a number of general motivations for the development of pragmatic theory.
In fact, the Tax Policy Center, the report that they issued last week was very, very specific about this.
In many subjects, statements of attainment cannot sensibly be seen as achievements that take two years of work.
In network analysis, because G(s) relates to a signal that is a real function of time , the poles and zeros are either real or they occur as complex conjugate pairs.
In the absence of legal criteria that distinguish constitutional law from other laws, the definition becomes so broad that it defines nothing at all. 
In the case of a personnel file, the list is likely to be sorted into an order that depends on some major key - in this case, usually alphabetic order or personnel number.
In the end, the proposal that Clinton put forward calls for Americans who are age 62 to 64 to pay  a monthly fee of about $ 300.
In the second place, the account that has been provided has been shown to be open to differing interpretations of value…
In the state of Massachusetts, the calibration of the unit helps to meet the technology requirement that has been added to the state's science curriculum. 
In the work ahead, we must be guided by the philosophy that made our nation great. 
In this way, by unburdening semantics of phenomena that are resistant to semantic treatment but tractable to pragmatic explanation, there is considerable hope that pragmatics can simplify semantic theories. 
Inbreeding appears to outweigh crossbreeding in many stocks of arctic plants, a condition that may be adaptive in a harsh environment where interspecific competition is insignificant.
Instead of displacing the question of quality from the artwork itself to the intention that governed its creation, the focus would return to the artwork itself.
Instead, attention should be turned to the universal problem that lies behind the takeover trend: the separation in capitalism of ownership and control.
It should examine the attitudes, values and assumptions that underlie the kind of information that comes from various sources. 
It was Woil's voice, desperate to see the same fear that had stopped him finding freedom now overtaking Creggan.
It was Woil's voice, desperate to see the same fear that had stopped him finding freedom now overtaking Creggan. 
Jean-Claude repeated to me every detail of the conversation and the argument that ensued.
Jesus was saying it's a fulfilment of all the Old Testament prophecy that referred to becoming a Messiah.
Late last night, the White House quietly issued a statement that stunned the world. 
Let's talk about the latest missile threat with North Korea, Mr. Secretary, and the danger that this poses to the United States and the entire world. 
Local knowledge, a concept drawn from anthropology, is special knowledge that is context-specific.
Locke's theory of self-government and the social contract became the philosophical basis that moved Western civilization from authority to agreement as the basis of the civic duty  to obey society's rules.
Martha replied, and left her twin sister blinking in astonishment at a possibility that hadn't occurred to her before, but which was now enticingly attractive.
Mr. Murtha, let me ask you about this accusation that you have come out with today…
New York State's attorney general investigated the society and required it to make quarterly reports, an obligation that still applies today. 
Nor did Kent's family quite comprehend the arrangement that followed.
Nothing could dent the self belief that was driving her on to new heights.
Now he had been given an assignment that demanded intuitive analysis to a sensitive degree. 
Now tell me what it is about your eidetic ability that is causing you so much distress.
Now the feat hierarchical feature analysis that we've done so far was predominantly a bottom up data driven process.
Oh, piss off,' he'd said finally, which was exactly the reaction that Pete had been expecting.
On the other hand, there may be moments of real illumination and discovery, when someone makes a comment that springs from a quite different frame of reference from one's own.
One calculation that is beyond even our computers is the number of people who help. 
Or are you here to make some pretty excuse that will enable you to see him?
Past generations of British farmers made dairy products 'for the house' yet today's farmers have been slow to exploit a potential that exists for selling these products directly.
People must know the news that they are given is as complete, as accurate, and as objective as possible.
Rakovsky listened to the cool voice describing the intensive hypnosis and subliminal suggestion that would distort Brückner's mentality. 
Repealers see the Wright amendment as another post-deregulation rule that helps the big airlines get bigger. 
Sixthly, and most importantly, the theoretical analysis that we have undertaken is entirely partial.
So that was the argument that went around and around.
So they take advantage of a rule that permits them to spend money left over from their campaigns on themselves. 
So unaccustomed may he or she be to the affection that you offer. 
Some further examples of each kind, organized under the maxims that give rise to them, may help to make the distinction clear.
Soon after that he and his sergeant went away carrying the manual of instruction that came with the computer monster.
Such an analysis is an important prerequisite to much of the discussion that follows in succeeding chapters. 
That is precisely the calculation that would be made by an MP elected under the STV. 
That is, I think, another great benefit that could be reaped from these developments. 
That meeting that morning was about a public case that we might make. 
The action that followed was to become a classic of naval warfare.
The advice that they need will in all probability be a different nature to the normal required in large workplaces.
The allegations that have been made by the hon. Member for Sedgefield (Mr. Blair) go further and further into the realms of fantasy.
The applicant had to sign agreement to a statement that confirmed he or she was not less than eighteen years of age...
The approach that has been applied here is initially to define a functional domain in which all relationships and attributes can be recorded.
The biggest advantage that carbon holds over silicon, however, remains its capacity to form large,
The cashier grumbled about changing Swiss money, but made a calculation that was to his advantage on the rate. 
The ceremony of sorrow is performed with a measured, defiant acknowledgement that makes words charms, talismans of the fallen world.
The changes that have been made may be small but they are significant.
The consensus that developed in the 1950s remained intact. 
The discussion that follows will examine the imperfections in the market for control and then consider the wider implications of reliance on it as a disciplinary mechanism. 
The distinction that matters is from that of 'patronage', which itself, as we shall see, is highly varied. 
The first generalization that can be made is that andesite lavas are more viscous than basalt ones.
The fundamental point that you make is we shouldn't be simply offering good advice or, or bad advice, we should be offering real aid, real goods.
The fuses must be put out, or the miracle that was happening out there would be useless
The good news is that you can usually tell which type of value a keyname experts by looking at the value that is already there before you start.
The immediate post-war period again provided the optimism that had existed in 1920, and the farm worker appeared to be poised for the first time to achieve equality of pay and status with workers in other industries.
The imperial ideology that erased (because it had to) indigenous ownership and political society tied Euro-American subjectivity itself to that erasure at a very basic level.
The metaphor that French historians often use is that of a popular consecration, the public legitimization of a king who had claimed his throne in absentia.
The obligation that is implicit in doing such a thing makes it very difficult to offer a detached and critical assessment.
The only conclusion that we have come to is the Accutane. 
The other main kind of socially deictic information that is often encoded is absolute rather than relational.
The probable reason that indexed sequential files are so often used when direct files would perform better is the ready availability of software.
The problem is well illustrated by the debate that preceded the Medical Research Council's study on the prevention of neural tube defects.
The question that has long dogged ethical investors is: Do stock filters hurt returns?
The question that intrigues me perhaps most deeply is, Why do we live on the order of 100 years, not 1 million years or 3 months?
The report that was put to committee by the the officers have arguments which I feel are fatuous, fallacious, erroneous and at best equivocal.
The second motivation that is more critical to firsts than nonfirsts is the opportunity to learn certain knowledge…
The Senate, for instance, voted this week on a proposal that Senator Kerry put forth to withdraw troops by the end of the year.
The statements of fact in the letters from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office are confirmed by the other evidence that is before the court concerning the actual situation in Somalia. 
The statements of fact in the letters from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office are confirmed by the other evidence that is before the court concerning the actual situation in Somalia. 
The White House , critics argue, failed to follow up the bomb theory because of the risk that it would have posed to negotiations with Iran for the release of US hostages in Lebanon.
There are many adjustments that can be made to the interests of the husband and wife in the matrimonial home.
There are thousands of miles of fiber-optic cables buried in the ground that have never even been hooked up. 
There are two basic kinds of socially deictic information that seem to be encoded in languages around the world: relational and absolute.
There is a government consensus that rejects talks with the PLO or the establishment of a Palestinian state. 
There is a rumour that you knew about Lady Eleanor's death long before any drunken porter arrived here.
There is probably a reason, but certainly no good reason, and any reason that is given would certainly be of interest to us, just as part of  the closure process, but we're certainly not anticipating a good one.
There was another fact about this sacred ground that was unique. 
There was one decision that showed a total lack of understanding of the game. 
There's just that ripple of concern that has washed in from Albania. 
They also adopted a political declaration that called for a socialist and 'planned-market' economy instead of President Boris Yeltsin's free-market reforms.
They aren't sure whether or not he's linked to the bomb warnings that happened a few days prior.
They lay there, their bodies not quite touching, Kate fighting hard to contain the feelings that seemed to be once more racing out of control.
They may choose to jump on the bandwagon and agree with the decision that will be made anyway or they may choose to cosset disagreements.
They rarely forget the horror that they experienced.
They share ideas and slowly adopt a philosophy that leads to violence. 
They started by taking action that diminished goverment receipts.
They've underestimated the danger that faces them. 
Thirdly, they would need, in some sense, to be rational to have an effective means-ends reasoning that told them how to implement each desired goal. 
This feeling that you are contriving to invoke within yourself in the years to come is sabi.
This finding that increased intestinal release of IL-8 was accompanied by increased release of myeloperoxidase…
This is another aspect that is being investigated at present. 
This is despite research evidence that has shown how ineffective much custodial treatment of young people tends to be. 
This is hardly a case that would win over Pat Robertson, John Finnis, or Pope Benedict XVI.
This is the formal arrangement that pertains to this day. 
This is the hypothesis that terrifies, sickens, and inspires me. 
This is the notion that lies at the heart of this case, and why it is so important for Dreamers.
This letter was written after the Djibouti Conference and notwithstanding the communique that had been issued at the conclusion of that conference.
This problem goes beyond teacher placement activity, affects all forms of teacher professional development and inhibits the ability to maximise the potential that exists within the teaching profession.
This provides evidence that rises (falls) in the futures price precede rises (falls) in the spot price by one to three days.
Though let me correct one false impression that's going around. 
To use the same metaphor that de Gaulle had used about Barricades Week, the putsch burst the abscess of opposition to his policies within the army. 
Two difficulties in particular, are relevant to the arguments that have been addressed to us in this case.
Unfortunately, many recent examples of such work have utilized explanatory principles that have been left quite vague (see M. Atkinson, 1982).
We have uncovered evidence that suggests she was working in league with famed mass murderer Herman Katz in the Spanish Fork area…
We received warnings that mentioned four specific streets and the second bomb went off in a street which  was not named in those warnings,' he said.
We're talking about children and the hope that's invested in them. 
Williams called Henry, 'Henrietta' and proceeded to detail a story that made the man blush and deny everything.
With placebo treatment, the duration of contraction was higher in the distal oesophagus, a finding that confirms earlier studies in healthy volunteers. 
Worldwide alcohol consumption has fallen by over 13 per cent in the last ten years, reinforcing a downward trend that began in the late 1970s. 
Yes, he did envy the affection that flowed between the boy and the old man.
Yet they were not just repeating the anti-colonial Marxist theory that had been developed during the liberation struggles…
You have all heard of the tragedy that has struck my house.
You then rotate the eyepiece so you get back to the condition that you had before. 
You weren't of afraid of me but the accent that I had at that time.  	
